README.md, before:

# watermark
Python script to add a watermark or logo to images

### Requirements
Pillow:
```
pip install pillow
```

[Pillow Docs](https://python-pillow.github.io/)

### Usage
This script allows you to add a watermark or logo to images in a specified folder. The script takes three arguments:

1. The folder with the images you want to watermark
2. The path of the logo to add
3. The position you want to place the logo (optional)

These are the valid positions:

- topleft
- topright
- bottomleft
- bottomright
- center (if no position is specified, this will be the default)

Any other position will result in an error.

To use watermark.py without specifying a position:


```
python watermark.py  './images' 'logo.png'
```

To use watermark.py and specify a position:

```
python watermark.py  './images' 'logo.png' bottomright
```

### Adapting
If you want to save your watermarked images as new files instead of saving over the existing files, simply add a prefix to any image.save() lines:

```
image.save(path + '/fancy_new_prefix_' + filename)
```

### Ideas for future improvements
- allow custom positioning
- adjust watermarks to be semi-transparent

Commit message:

V2: More customizing features Description: This PR introduces a series of enhancements and improvements to the original watermarking script, aiming to make it more user-friendly, versatile, and robust.
Major Changes:
CLI Arguments with argparse:

Moved away from sys.argv to the more flexible argparse.
Arguments are clearly defined with help messages.
Introduced optional arguments for better control.
Support for Subfolders:

Implemented recursive search using os.walk() to process images in subfolders.
Dynamic Watermark Scaling:

The watermark can now be resized based on the dimensions of the target image or a user-specified scale.
Save to New Directory Option:

Users can specify a new directory to save watermarked images, preserving the original directory structure.
Watermark Padding:

Introduced an option to add padding around the watermark, especially useful when it's placed in corners.
Enhanced Error Handling:

Incorporated better error handling mechanisms using try-except blocks to manage potential issues such as invalid image formats.
File Extension Check:

Enhanced the file extension check to include .jpeg.
Removed:
Deprecated and unsafe exception handling that could result in unintentional overwriting of images.

README.md, after:

# Watermark
Python script to add a watermark or logo to images recursively in a specified directory and its subdirectories.

### Requirements
Pillow:
```
pip install pillow
```

[Pillow Docs](https://python-pillow.github.io/)

### Usage
This script allows you to add a watermark or logo to images in a specified folder and its subdirectories. The script takes several arguments:

1. The folder with the images you want to watermark
2. The path of the logo to add
3. The position you want to place the logo (optional)
4. The directory where you want to save the watermarked images (optional; if not provided, the watermarked images will overwrite the original images)
5. Padding (in pixels) around the watermark logo (optional; default is 0)

These are the valid positions:

- topleft
- topright
- bottomleft
- bottomright
- center (if no position is specified, this will be the default)

Any other position will result in an error.

To use watermark.py, specify a position, a destination directory, and scale the watermark to 30% of the image width:

```
python watermark.py './images' 'logo.png' --pos bottomright --new_dir './watermarked_images' --scale 30
```


To use watermark.py, specify a position and a destination directory:

```
python watermark.py './images' 'logo.png' --pos bottomright --new_dir './watermarked_images'
```

To add padding around the watermark:

```
python watermark.py './images' 'logo.png' --pos topleft --padding 20
```

### Adapting
If you want to save your watermarked images to a different directory instead of saving over the existing files, use the `--new_dir` option as shown in the usage examples. The script will maintain the original folder hierarchy in the specified new directory.

### Ideas for future improvements
- Allow custom positioning via exact pixel coordinates.
- Adjust watermarks to be semi-transparent.
